Let's see if we can add an image here.
Because remember, we have that set up in our inside of this card white card, we have the image there
paint or we are using Croyle.
Remember image paint or to allow us to get images from the internet.
Right?
So later, you will see that you get it, will get images and we'll get books from this API, Google
APIs dot com.
This allows us to pass in a query.
For instance, Android will get all the books, Android books and so forth.
So and we'll get these images, of course, metadata from these API.
So I'm going to get a link here of a thumbnail of this image that's copied this.
Let's see if I can do this.
Let's copy that, and let's paste it all in in here.
OK, so this is the API image that we're going to be using later, but I'm just hard coding it so we
can see, hopefully an image here.
Obviously, we'll have to actually run on device in order for us to see this.
So let's see.
OK, there you go.
It's working.
You can see we have the nice image there.
Now if in case you don't see this image loading because if you look at this one, if I right click and
open in a new tab, you'll see that this is not a secure place, which means Android Studio may not
like that to run links that are not secure to get images.
So if you find that problem something, you don't see the actual image there.
What do you need to do is you need to go to manifest file.
And here you just have to start typing something like this.
And you're going to see this uses clear text traffic.
OK.
So what these days, as you see here, it says, declare that this application may use clear text traffic,
such as a strip rather than a steps.
OK.
It's going to allow us to use unsafe links.
Now, of course, it's kind of debatable whether you want to allow your app to do this, but in this
case, it's OK.
We're going to say true, it's OK because we know exactly where these links are coming from.
It's Google, so it's OK.
All right.
So that's one case that you don't end up seeing an image showing here.
And of course, you can test out with any image link image from the internet and then check if you're
going to be able to see that image.
All right.
So in this case, here again, let's go ahead and refresh.
We should be able to still see that image there.
So that gives us the full picture of how this car Liscard would look like.